so I'll tell a story of this happened
about nine months ago where we had a
woman that was ordering a pair of shoes
that she had been looking for for a long
time for her husband and searched all
over the place finally found them on
Zappos and was very excited bought them
as a surprise for her husband and the
shoes arrived overnight and and she was
excited to show them to her husband but
unfortunately on the way home her
husband was children a car accident and
so never actually got the shoes and so
she called our customer loyalty team and
wanted help with the return process and
you know like any good company would we
helped her through the reform process
but what the rep did after that was she
took it upon herself to send flowers to
the widow to show our condolences as a
company you know now this situation
doesn't happen you know very often so we
don't have a process or procedure for
this and so when the woman received the
flowers she was so touched that a
company would care enough to actually
send flowers that you know two days
later at the funeral the woman told the
30 or 40 friends and family members that
were there and not only is that woman a
customer for life now so are the other
30 or 40 people that were at the funeral
and you know if you look at it on an
individual transaction basis clearly
that's not was not possible and you know
if you had to go through what most call
centers have to go through where the rep
would have to seek approval from a
supervisor and then it would
we had of not being approved food that
would have never happened
but because we hire for culture and make
sure that everyone understands the
vision of the company is just about the
very best customer service and customer
experience then stuff like that just
happens naturally on its own